hey guys I was tagged by I am so ready
for anything that's Alan I think a tag
was EDC knife or knives
I've watched a few videos and that
serious um it's always interesting to
see what people carry Helen said he
doesn't know if it's legal for me to
carry but he's pretty sure I will carry
something and I do I do always have a
cutting tool with me it's not really out
of necessity I don't I don't really need
to have a knife with me but I like to
have a knife with me I'm a knife nut and
I just love to have a knife with me I
carried a lot of folders during time and
a few months ago Mike from gaff ku
helped me get one knife that I really
really wanted to get or I don't know
half a year maybe more since actually
the second time I saw it I must say and
I got it and since then I have been
carrying it maybe it was a three-day
break that is the paramilitary - I'm
sure most people know this knife I opted
for the blackened blade version just
because it's more inconspicuous I do
think that the satin finish blade looks
better but this one is just like I said
more inconspicuous I like us 30b holds a
good edge this knife has not really been
cleaned up I didn't clean up the edge I
just touched it up and stopped it and it
has been doing good
even now it shaves but I want to put a
cleaner edge on pretty light comfortable
now for harder tasks if this would be a
woods knife or because you can take a
folder out in the woods I have worked
with this with wood but the handle is
kind of rough on your hand
however for everyday carry I think this
is just a perfect folder for me and it's
right in the price range this is kind of
the most I would want to spend on a
folder so I wouldn't I don't think I
would go any any higher than this just
because I can't afford it
most of you will know I'm more of a
fixed blade kind of guy so I was looking
for a folder to replace all my other
folders and this was it now with this I
have carried the rat one after it was
convinced I've carried the mini Bone
Collector pretty much everything but
after I got the se4 and modified the
edge on that one I said why not modify
the edge on my Zula before comeback
seeing it and I took it down to a 25
degree edge and I liked it so I carried
that one in my back pocket but lately I
have received a present a very nice
present and that is this knife which I
have carried with me ever since well the
second day after I got it I started
carrying it and this is actually the
cord from the Azula some of you might
know this is a blind horse knives knife
it's the bush tiger now the only thing I
don't really like about this package is
that the sheath is kind of wide so it
prints out other than that I have no
problem with it it's very thin doesn't
have a handle so it's not going to be a
knife for heavy tasks but when I first
held it in my hand is when I realized
the size to thickness ratio which is
pretty good with this one this is 19 C
27 steel which is a stainless and I like
stainless I have nothing against
thanksmas
the only thing I will have to change is
there's a saber grind and has a very
steep convex secondary bevel it shaves
it's razor sharp but it it's not a good
performer so also lacking a handle it's
going to be very difficult for you to
work with wood with this one and for
everyday tasks whatever you need to do
cut it's gonna perform but I'd like to
see it do better I must say I'm not a
fan of spear point blades but this one I
just think it's very very beautiful with
uh well tiger stripes there this is an
le knife limited edition the first 100
of these were marked le very very nice
life and the locking mechanism here
fabulous so when the screw is down here
you can't put the knife in it's a bit
harder but getting it out that is very
difficult so we to finger I have to grip
it with my whole hand and pull it out
but if you move the screw up here the
knife just comes out and it's also very
easy to put back in it will not fall out
but for safety freaks like I am one I
always keep it like this and when I just
want to take out the knife line move it
this is my first blind horse knife and I
must say it it is very nice I like it I
can't wait to have the time to put a new
edge angle on it and see how it does and
one more knife that I have had with me
ever since I got it not on my person but
in my backpack in my car pretty much
every day
that is the SF or there's still some
wood chips on it
I didn't wash it I just cleaned it drop
the edge and I've had it with me ever
since I got it
many days I didn't even pull it out of
the sheet I just like having it with me
this is not a Tec and I would consider
this an easy
these are knives I do have on me
sometimes but this is my EDC knife it
has been from once and I don't know what
could replace it so it is I guess for me
the folder to replace old folders as for
tags
I'd like to tag three people
Stefan swallows if you guys don't know
Stefan he makes some great reviews has a
lot of beautiful lives and I think he
showed this that he carries the buck 110
what I'm thinking people often change
what they carry so I like to see that I
like to see forest Walker one one one
that's gonna be pretty interesting and
I'd like to see Robert from Anna's Borg
I hope you enjoyed the video and I wish
you all a great thing